[Music] It's that
these topics are
Look, I'm going to give you an extract
of what happened with Dallas and Frank and that's it. I'm
going to give you an extract of what happened with Dallas
and Frank and that's it, man. Yes,
yes, yes, these are topics that, let's see. It turns out that
today. Well, I was telling you about it
before, but the debate with láserle interrupted me. It turns
out that
something happened today, okay. It turns out that something happened today, the
other day Fran cuesta was founded, it
was very founded. No, you all know, there's no
need for me to explain everything again. We've already
talked about it like 800 times. No, I've
already given my opinion on those 800 times,
okay. I don't think it was homophobia
under any circumstances. I'm not going to explain
all the points, nor am I the
protagonist of the debate or anything like that. Now
react to the video. Yes, it's
true that in principle when
we reacted to the clicks they put on
Twitter they were different when you saw the
entire video, the truth is, I mean, it could be
in a very brutal way, the way of
expressing yourself could be in an
unassertive way. Hey Alan, explain to us your
opinion on acne.  send me an audio with
your opinion on Frank's case, I'm sure
you can summarize mine
perfectly because we are soul mates
but basically I didn't really see homophobia
for me homophobia is
something else
it's distilling hatred rejection not
towards people who are homosexual
not in the way that you insult a person
for the condition they have that you
despise a person okay you don't
want them in your job that you don't want them
in your circle okay because of their condition not
because of their orientation rather I do
n't see homophobia okay I find it very
debatable But anyway the thing is
Fran told me Javi do you
want to organize a debate let's
organize a debate to see if you can
always take it from respect of
course and from dialogue we're going to
take a few people we're
going to take people who are
against against me and people who
are in favor Okay so what
happens is that we find people who
are in favor like Ale
transtube no who is from the collective but he
is in favor of Franz of what Frank has said
no then info blogger in favor
also of what he said  Fran
understands it Okay so the other day
I actually posted a tweet don't you remember and we could
n't find anyone who was
against Fran what's happening
today suddenly yesterday it says yesterday not the day before
yesterday Dallas posted this tweet Frank you
're making a bit of a fool of yourself with your
comments If they were homophobic and I
tried to pretend they weren't it's
quite Sad you're in conspiracy Boomer mode
saying nonsense and
I'm not progressive at all if you're going to
say crazy things at least
bear it
I don't agree I don't think the
same okay But anyway here it turns out you
come to Daniel and he says debate with
Frank on Javi's Channel they're
trying to organize a debate between
Fran and someone who disagrees
with him but nobody dares damn damn it
was the perfect option Dallas
if we're looking for someone to
debate about Frank and we can't find
anyone because if we had found
someone some progressive or something like that it
would have been a good show okay
but damn Well nothing we couldn't find
anyone come on Fran then that's it Well nothing there's no
debate okay I was even going to come
info blog and we're going to have  a chat
whatever no but well the debate didn't come out
no and Dallas takes the phone and says
put up with two news broadcasts because Fran only
says nonsense the one who wouldn't
dare debate with me is him
and I tell him
yesterday or rather they sent me this tweet I
'm not tagged or anything but they sent it to me
in the group and I said yesterday we
were trying to organize a debate
with someone who was against
his statements preferably people
from the collective but if you both
agree always within the margins
of respect and arguments
we could organize it for tomorrow and here
To my surprise and he tells me Dallas I'm
a bit vi so let's say yes I do
n't think Dallas will insult him man let's
see if we get into the debate and they
both start insulting each other it would end up being
a bit of a pitiful spectacle
If all of a sudden Dallas enters the
debate against Frank
disrespectfully insulting him it would look a bit
bad for Dallas but damn if each
one of them presented their arguments
intelligently and with savoir faire we could have
a [ __ ] good time here I
mean who I wouldn't want to see a debate here between
Dallas and Frank  it would have been
the dick I
send it to Fran I say Well I
send it to him well Frank has answered right here
look Dallas
well Dallas continues he didn't write me on
WhatsApp the dala come on So I'm going I don't
know what no because I didn't see the tweet that
Javi said yes yes tomorrow
whenever you want and I tell Fran
Fran who told me the dala that yes he
wants to debate What's up does he do it or not and you
tell me Javi
thank him for me I thank you
both but I'm going to the town
otherwise he told me so I'm going to
the town he says no kidding I don't
want trouble daughter Leo don't be that he
gives the I don't know what you know like he doesn't want
trouble because he thinks that Dallas is going to
go in a rude way you know and I
told him
okay a shame the truth because I'm going to be
a spectacle but of course then it turns out
Well here he answers No yes it was
tomorrow I'll explain why I'll see you tomorrow
Franco is here don't fail the debate with me
eh And bring the crocs
Here it is punctured but well the
Cross  Frank himself has joked with
him, I don't see it as serious, no Dallas, I don't know what I have to
debate with you, damn Well,
if we're looking for someone to
debate about your topic
Dallas, I don't know what I have to debate
with you, damn, about the topic
Well, yeah, sure, Ivan, it seems a bit
mischievous to
me, it seems a bit mischievous either, let's
see if Dallas comes here and says to
Fran, I [ __ ] on you, how they were doing
the progress, not messing with the
family, I don't know what the [ __ ] Well, I
would have said go to the dala because I understand
that I don't understand why he doesn't want to debate
with you because he screwed them up, but if he
's telling him about the crocs, you'll
understand, I mean, it's nonsense, no,
and he says dala, I don't know what I have to
debate with you, damn, but if we're
looking for a debate,
okay And he says, but I'm in
town, he would have put it there, I mean, Fran,
super kids and Super knows
ours Lore, okay, another time it will be, I'll leave you
a video so you can entertain yourself before
making 235 more videos,
[ __ ] It's that the truth is that I do
n't  I was expecting this response
from Frank, man, I
appreciate him a lot, you know
that I get along great with him and
also a person who only has
good words to say about me whenever he goes
somewhere, you know, but [ __ ], he's
really into our smell and
our criticism to take and bring out the
argument of the number of videos.
Well, of course, if the dollar gets 200
videos, then he gets 200 videos, but if that
's the game we have, no.
Total that the dala puts it, oh my God, I
would say that it surprises me but it's not a
surprise at all, you only dare to go with
ridiculous, low-level feminists from
Twitter, but not with me, I would say that you
disappointed me. But I would be lying
too, well Javier Iveira, make it
possible, get him out of town,
I can't do anything, I have
sincerely told Abraham
that I don't see it well, I
mean, let's see, I don't see it well in
the sense that then.
Well, here he put
here when I put that yes, that all of them
had accepted that we were waiting for
Fran's response, he says Dallas, sacred
bard, I should tell him that it doesn't burn, anyway, he
's naughty, okay.
Seriously  Tell him to man up and do
the debate for God's sake how scared he is of me
and with the laughing emoji and I'm like, let's see it
's a debate about homophobia not
homophobia I mean maybe he'll get out of
here you know what I'm telling you I mean maybe
something handsome would have come out of here damn we're
talking about Franco
this is us we're not talking about liquid damn
I expected him to go to war
more than fear it's laziness man let's see fear I do
n't think it's I think it's not
fear it's not fear it's not fear It's that
Dallas comes in with a bad vibe, he comes in with a
bad vibe who
knows that Dallas comes in with a bad vibe and
that they bring up topics and start with I don't know
that they fight personally I
imagine that's what Frank doesn't want you
know what I'm telling you like
but if Dala wants to caress him alone it
's not fear it's laziness man let's see fear
fear is not what he's going to be afraid of what he's
going to be afraid he can't hit him not
because of the screen
but it's like Yes I see I understand that it's
like laziness like Dallas
gets all bad vibes taking videos of him and
everything  the roll no but I what know And what does it matter
no So
Dallas comes in a Dallas tone
but if Dallas well in a bad vibe plan
Dallas looks bad I don't say
from My humble opinion as a debate host
It's that they had it big in the past we
also had it with Dross
And it's going worse for me Let's go without comparison
me when I'm doing [ __ ] great today it
was a fantasy of a debate but let's see in
Show mode in
Show mode and in Media mode it would have
been the [ __ ] [ __ ] tomorrow It would have been
in all the media and also literally It
would have been in all the media
Ramón Today is the day
How many people live in the town
face rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter France has
gone to the Fran What happens is that he
has the sanctuary here in the sanctuary
in facu doesn't say Little it's for the show let's
see me literally
to me let's see what do you want me to say
that he continues I understand Fran's point that
Dallas Comes a little naughty and a
little wild No Well then he feels the
lack of respect because
he would have looked bad
no you what do you think well then I know  I would have
seen what would have happened no
no we can now jump to conclusions
if Dallas comes like this if the flan
says there I don't know let's see in this I do not
agree with what
Dallas is saying I think more as an
info blogger It is that I do not understand that it is
a strong opinion that he is
telling you in a very abrupt way you know but
I do not think it is homophobia but I
would have loved the debate and to hear
the arguments that Dallas gives you
because the [ __ ] is a person who is not
stupid [ __ ] he is a person who knows how to
explain himself and who usually explains and usually has
good arguments So I think
that it would have been a show a good show and
that it would have been great at the media level
Fran understands me and he does not want to screw things up I
think that Frank apart from the fact that they would have
exploded
that they would have exploded that the flan says
Dallas is going to prick me is going to
prick me and my forms are going to go to waste
really he I
think that he could call out there that
Dallas pricks him pricks him with
his laughter and his I don't know what that I don't know
how many and there comes a time when
Frank explodes and then the next day
you have to repeat
Javi against Dallas
It's that I debate with him something that
I don't give a [ __ ] about, I mean,
like I just debated with
láserl now, no I mean, I could debate
with Dallas now, no, [ __ ] dala Well,
I don't think why your uncle, I think
this, I think that Ah well, not me I
think he continues mofo
Ah well, Okay Let's have a drink like it's like I
just debated with
láserl, no, he was against the
Dallas video and I was in favor of the
Dallas video, well, Okay, he did
n't fight with you, that's why he
understands me info blogger says the
following, let's see Dallas, stop talking
rubbish because I'm homosexual and I
agree 100% with what Frank
Cuesta said and I'm tired of you
guys coming here straight to tell us what should or shouldn't
offend us gays
okay
info blogger called me and told me
Javi: Tell Dallas that if he wants to
debate with me, I'll talk to him and
explain my way of thinking no  and I
said delighted and the dala said
yes the dala said yes
man Let's see
wait Let's listen to my girl
Gamer naked let's see in the subject of
Frank I don't see homophobia
anywhere what happens is that he
has a very abrupt way of explaining himself
but not in this subject in all I mean Fran
is very clear speaking very directly and that's it
Sometimes people are shocked
the problem that I see here is that words
like
unnatural or natural or normal or abnormal are
given a negative connotation
when in reality they don't have it or I don't
think they have it in the sense in which he
is saying it I mean when he
says that something is unnatural it is because
logically speaking it is not the usual thing
that does not mean that for him it is
bad or that there is any problem with
homosexuality or that he is homophobic or I do
not see it that way I mean in the end
statistically there are more
heterosexuals than homosexuals and that is how it is and
nevertheless in movies series
and such lately it seems that only
homosexual or bisexual characters can be made or x no and in the
end it seems that the strange thing today  nowadays
depending on what topics it can be, well, that's it,
movies and series and such is seeing
a heterosexual couple when in
reality it's the norm. What happens is that, of
course, in the end, it's what I told you at the
beginning, negative connotations are given
to words like, well, that's like
normal praise when in reality, if we
base ourselves on what the
word means, it's completely right,
I don't see any other way of
understanding it. I don't know why Dallas
sees it that way.
But well, I see it that way, it's not that I don't see any other way, it's that I don't
understand any other way of seeing it,
honestly. But well, I'll tell you.
Oh, but Frank had said that his
deceased brother was gay. Or am I wrong? Yes, yes, yes, of
course. Yes, yes. Share an article in
which he talks about his brother who was gay and so
on.
Ale, trans. Franco is here because he doesn't want to
debate on Javier Veira's Channel and he
says to him. Fran with you. Of course, but they
wanted to include a person who doesn't have
any
say, of course, and he says, are you referring to who I think it
will be because of the video he made commenting on
everything, it wasn't Dallas, a boy who has
nothing to do with it,
okay? And then he says to me. Fran. Look, there's
a girl.  trans who wants to debate okay I mean yes
if you want tomorrow I'll go up to
le trans and I'll go up to Franco this one but it's that
to Letrán He was already here last
night He sent us an audio but it's that
alexan is in favor of Frank cuesta
why do I want a debate between two
people who agree what if they
both want to go up
tomorrow
if they want to go up tomorrow tomorrow
Fran and aletran go up and yes and they shake hands
because they both agree
info ideal so let's see Dalas told me
yes but I'm going to confirm it
But ok come on see dala
told me that well man his thing
was Frank which is what I the same
as I say man the ideal is Frank
But ok come on okay Well
tomorrow
now I told him what does the one who does say he
told me info that I
got it Know the bed So tomorrow it's already
tomorrow there will be a debate of infoblórida
the salt would be very tender I am very tender I am very tender I am very tender I
am very tender
you know the laws
[Music]